SDK 3.34.0 : Adds version bump and changelog (#3855)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
### <a name="3.34.0-preview"/> [3.34.0-preview](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.34.0-preview) - 2023-05-17

### Added

> - [3761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3761) Query: Adds Computed Property SDK Support

Reviewer: Ref https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3845

> - [3761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3761) Query: Adds Computed Property SDK Support

Reviewer 2: Let's add 

[3845](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3845) AI Integration: Fixes Operation Name in the activity.

### <a name="3.34.0"/> [3.34.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.34.0) - 2023-05-17

#### Fixed 
- [3847](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3847) PackageLicense: Replaces PackageLicenseUrl with PackageLicenseFile since PackageLicenseUrl is deprecated

> - [3832](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3832) Query: Format exception when using culture and partitionKey, difference between Windows and Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [3832](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3832) Query: Fixes format exception when using culture and partitionKey, difference between Windows and Linux
```

#### Added
- [3854](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3854) Change Feed: Adds LatestVersion to ChangeFeedMode
- [3833](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3833) Query: Adds TRIM string system function support in LINQ
- [3826](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3826) Query: Adds support for Lambda expression reuse in LINQ

> - [3724](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3724) Query: Added remaining Cosmos Type checking functions to CosmosLinqExtensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [3724](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3724) Query: Added remaining Cosmos Type checking functions to CosmosLinqExtensions. Thanks @onionhammer.
```

Since this is a third party contribution, let's thank them

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
### <a name="3.34.0-preview"/> [3.34.0-preview](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.34.0-preview) - 2023-05-17

### Added

- [3761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3761) Query: Adds Computed Property SDK Support

### <a name="3.34.0"/> [3.34.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.34.0) - 2023-05-17

#### Fixed 

> - [3847](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3847) PackageLicense: Removes PackageLicenseUrl and Adds PackageLicenseFile since PackageLicenseUrl is deprecated

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [3847](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3847) PackageLicense: Replaces PackageLicenseUrl with PackageLicenseFile since PackageLicenseUrl is deprecated
```

> - [3832](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3832) Query: Fixes Parsing Error in SQL DOM when CultureInfo is available

Reviewer 3: Text on issue seems more user friendly "Format exception when using culture and partitionKey, difference between Windows and Linux".

#### Added

> - [3854](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3854) Full Fidelity Change Feed: Adds LatestVersion to ChangeFeedMode

Reviewer 2: LatestVersion is different than Full Fidelity, can we change to: 
```suggestion
- [3854](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3854) Change Feed: Adds LatestVersion to ChangeFeedMode
```

> - [3840](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3840) Connection: Adds code to sneak peek rntbd health check improvements

Reviewer: This PR never merged, why is it here? Are you using the list of "Commits" in master between the released versions?

Author: > This PR never merged, why is it here? Are you using the list of "Commits" in master between the released versions?

@ealsur  That is weird. I have list of "Commits". I refreshed it and it does not show up anymore. I would not have randomly pulled this in. Interesting but thanks for pointing it out. I will remove 3840.

> - [3840](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3840) Connection: Adds code to sneak peek rntbd health check improvements

Reviewer 3: I think it should be internal not public. @kundadebdatta ?

Reviewer: This was incorrectly added, see other comment

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
### <a name="3.34.0-preview"/> [3.34.0-preview](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.34.0-preview) - 2023-05-17

### Added

- [3761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3761) Query: Adds Computed Property SDK Support

### <a name="3.34.0"/> [3.34.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.34.0) - 2023-05-17

#### Fixed 
- [3847](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3847) PackageLicense: Replaces PackageLicenseUrl with PackageLicenseFile since PackageLicenseUrl is deprecated
- [3832](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3832) Query: Fixes Parsing Error in SQL DOM when CultureInfo is available

#### Added

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: This line here shows a merge conflict not being resolved?

- [3854](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3854) Full Fidelity Change Feed: Adds LatestVersion to ChangeFeedMode
=======
- [3854](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3854) Change Feed: Adds LatestVersion to ChangeFeedMode
- [3840](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3840) Connection: Adds code to sneak peek rntbd health check improvements
>>>>>>> a627f993ad729006405e468593cdc77bf1a4ae43
- [3833](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3833) Query: Adds TRIM string system function support in LINQ

> - [3826](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3826) Query: Adds support for Lambda expression reuse in LINQ

Reviewer: Missing: https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3724
